Bhavik Desai
122 South St, Apt #1
Jersey City, New Jersey 07307
Ph No: (347) 608-7894
E-mail: bdesai1@stevens.edu
OBJECTIVE: To obtain a summer internship position as a web developer and designer to utilize my technical
expertise towards the growth of the organization while being resourceful, creative and flexible.
EDUCATION: Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, New Jersey
M.S. In Computer Science. Jan 2011 – Present.
GPA : 3.86/4
Gujarat University, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
B.E In Computer Engineering. June 2009
GPA : 3.65/4
SKILLS: Programming Languages : PHP, C, C++,VB.Net, ASP.Net C#.Net, Java
Operating System : Windows, Linux
Database Systems : MS SQL Server, MS Access, MYSQL, PostgreSQL
Markup and Scripting : HTML, JavaScript, CSS
Design Tools : Photoshop, CorelDraw, MS Visio
Development Tools : Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, Adobe Dreamweaver
Source Control System : Microsoft Visual Source Safe
Development Methodologies : OOPS/OOAD. N-tier architecture design
EXPERIENCE: Healthcare Informatics Pvt. Ltd.(HIPL) Baroda, INDIA
(A Division of DigiDMS Inc, Union, New Jersey)
Software Developer/Designer
(Jan 2010-Jan 2011)
Responsibilities: designing and coding of important modules of Complete EHR Product DigiDMS
such as Patient Demographics, Graphical representation of patient’s vitals, Patient Screening, Eprescription,
PQRI data submission which allows seamless clinical flow between front office, mid office
and back office of Nationwide clinics.
Development Environment: VB .net, MS SQL Server, Telerik Windows Controls, WPF
Softcom Technologies, Baroda, INDIA
Web Developer/Designer (Intern)
(Jan 2009-Dec 2009)
Responsibilities: Developing web based application to handle the back end procedures of the job
portal site including effective searching of job candidates and employers and provide the intermediate
between both the entities, looking for specific requirements. Modules include Advanced searching,
resume forwarding, provide qualified job seekers to the employers and provide list of matching
employers to the job seekers.
Development Environment: ASP.Net, C#.Net, AJAX, JavaScript, SQL SERVER 2005
PROJECTS: Cash For Cars Websites (PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MYSQL)
Designing, developing of interactive websites for one of the highly ranked car buying service of new
jersey. Successfully implemented Search engine optimization concepts to increase the website rank on
various search engines like Google, Yahoo, and Bing.
Project Reporting System (Visual Basic 6.0 , Microsoft Access)
Requirement Analysis, developing of system which eliminates manual project reporting system with
functionality automated submission of project, progress evaluation and grading.
Event Management System (ASP, Microsoft Access)
Designing and coding of website developed for State Level Technical festival including modules like
registration, Event co ordination and report generation based on results of events.
ACHIEVEMENTS: 1. Successfully cleared .Net C2C exams conducted by Microsoft.
2. Secured 2nd rank in programming competition organized by Computer Society of India
3. Actively participated in various web designing and programming competitions.